One night, in the midst of a wave of petty vandelism and theft, the shed was broken into and the salamis were taken.
The landlord was resigned and philosophical, but corrected him: "They were not sauseges, They were salamis."
We should throw them away. But they are all we have left of him. We don’t throw them away. We have a wild hope—if only we collect enough of them, we will be able to put the dog back together again.
The dog is gone. We miss him. When the doorbell rings, no one barks. When we come home late, there is no one waiting for us.
On Wednesday morning early there is always a racket out there on the road. It wakes me up and I always wonder what it is. It is always the trash collection truck picking up the trash. The truck comes every Wednesday morning early. It always wakes me up. I always wonder what it is
At the start of a train trip, people search for a good seat, and some of them take a careful look at the people nearby who have already chosen their seats to see if they will make good neighbors.
They did not know this about each other until she decided to put her rug up for sale.
This dull, difficult novel I have brought with me on my trip-I keep trying to read it. I have gone back to it so many times, each time dreading it and each time finding it no better than the last time, that by now has become something of an old friend. My old friend the bad novel
We have compared your depiction of peas to that of other frozen pea packages and yours is by far the least appealing.
This morning, the bowl of hot cooked cornmeal, set under a transparent plate and left there, has covered the underside of the plate with droplets of condensation: it, too, is taking action in it’s own little way.
Most food manufactures depict food on their packaging that is more attractive that the food inside and therefore deceptive. You are doing the opposite: you are falsely representing your peas as less attractive than they actually are.
I was recently denied a wring prize because, they said, I was lazy. What they meant by lazy was that I used too many contractions: for instance, I would not write out in full the words cannot and will not, but instead contracted them to can’t and won’t.
Later, at home, it is discovered that while she was eating cashews from a bowl, she also ate her hearing aid. Even though she chewed on it for nearly two hours, she could not reduce it to particle small enough to swallow.
A woman, thirty, does not want to leave her childhood home. Why should I leave home? These are my parents. They love me. Why should I go marry some man who will argue and shout at me?
I have a problem in my marriage, which is that I simply do not lik George Frideric Handel as much as my husband does. It is a real barrier between us.
Flocks of women attempt to land on an island, seeking husbands from a tribe of very beautiful young men. They blow across the sea like cotton buds or seeding wild plants, and when rejected they pile up offshore in a floating bank of wooly white.
